Add doc on opm v1.15.3 index add behavior (#559)
operator-framework/operator-registry: docs/design/opm-tooling.md

1. Add bundles to the underlying data store
2. Choose the channel heads and default channel
3. Rebuild the update graph starting at the new heads

Channel head -- the "latest" operator in a channel -- selection is now informed by [semver](https://semver.org/). The heurstic is simple, the bundle with the highest version in each channel becomes the new head. The default channel is then taken from the maximum versioned bundle which defines a default channel.

Starting from these heads, opm then rebuilds the entire update graph using the edges defined by the `replaces` and `skips` CSV fields.

If a given CSV is missing a version field, all CSVs (sourced from the command's --bundles arguments) belonging package are elided from the input. Additionally, a non-zero exit code is returned from the command.
CSVs without a version (and with duplicate versions) that are already part of the index are allowed so long as there is at least one CSV with a version field in the package that we can recognize as having the maximum version. However, the presence of such CSVs will prevent the use of the `--overwrite-latest` flag.

> When `--overwrite-latest` is set, all bundle in a package are deleted and passed in as "input", and thus are constrained by the rules set out in the first paragraph above; the exceptions set out in the second paragraph above do not apply, and violations cause the offending package to be excluded from the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When overwriting a bundle using the `--overwrite-latest` flag,  all existing bundles of the same package are removed before being re-added alongside the new bundle. As such, they are constrained by the rules set out in the first paragraph above; the exceptions set out in the second paragraph above do not apply, and violations cause the offending package to be excluded from the index.
```

#### What does this mean for a package author?

- the head of every channel will __always__ be the bundle in that channel with the highest version field defined
- a version field __must__ be defined on a bundle expected to be channel head, unless it's the only bundle in the channel

> - `--overwrite-latest` causes all bundle in a package are deleted and passed in as "input".

Author: agreed, removing

Starting from these heads, opm then rebuilds the entire update graph using the edges defined by the `replaces` and `skips` CSV fields.

If a given CSV is missing a version field, all CSVs (sourced from the command's arguments) belonging package are elided from the input. Additionally, a non-zero exit code is returned from the command.

> CSVs without a version (and with duplicate versions) that are already part of the index are allowed so long as there is at least one CSV with a version field in the package that we can recognize as having the maximum version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CSVs without a version (and with duplicate versions) that are already part of the index are allowed so long as there is at least one CSV with a version field in the package that we can recognize as having the maximum version. However, the presence of such CSVs will prevent the use of the `--overwrite-latest` flag.
```
